		Xvisor
	Xvisor: An open-source, lightweight, embedded hypervisor for your car
	Jimmy Durand Wesolowski


Full version:
Nowadays, as the Advance Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) needs drastically
increases, the number of electronic boards, cables, communication channels,
and devices explodes.
In the meantime, infotainment is one of the selling points for automotive
industries to sell new cars, which also mean more electronics.
Thanks to the Genivi initiative, those systems will run under Linux, whilst
car control electronics run under Autosar (AUTomotive Open System
ARchitecture) OSes, which are closed source binaries.

Gathering multiple boards into one with hypervisors is a solution to reduce
costs and increase functionalities. Xvisor is an open source lightweight
hypervisor for embedded systems that fits perfectly the needs of the automative
industry.

It is a complete monolithic type-1 hypervisor with full virtualization,
allowing unmodified guest support (useful for AUTOSAR components) and
paravirtualization, which can help improve Linux guest performance.
Moreover, on ARM, Xvisor shows better performances than KVM.
It has been mainly developed by Anup Patel, and joined by
Jean-Christophe Dubois, Himanshu Chauhan, Sukanto Ghosh and
Pranav Sawargaonkar.
This presentation will focus on ARM usage while introducing the concepts of
virtualisation, paravirtualisation.

Even if Xvisor is a young project, publicly visible from June 2011, as its
sources are very close to Linux, ports remain quite fast and easy. It uses
device tree files, both for board definition and configuration parts.
It is in this way that we, OpenWide and the Institute for Technological
Research SystemX, continue the work of Jean-Christophe on the i.MX6 port of
Xvisor, for the Boundary Devices Nitrogen6x (and the Freescale SabreLite).

Then will show:
- the binary rewriting tool usage on guest binaries,
- Xvisor running on Qemu,
- configurable and dynamic guest creation
- and Xvisor running on the i.MX6.



Short version:
As ADAS and infotainment require more electronics, using an hypervisor is
a solution to gather multiple boards into one. Xvisor is an open source
lightweight hypervisor for embedded systems that perfectly fits the needs of
the automative industry. It is a complete monolithic type-1 hypervisor with
full virtualization and paravirtualisation support, showing better performances
than KVM.

We, OpenWide and the Institute for Technological Research SystemX, are working
on its port on i.MX6 boards.
